c:\users\connor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PogoTracker\PogoTracker\bin\Debug\PogoTracker.dll
c:\users\connor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PogoTracker\PogoTracker\bin\Debug\PogoTracker.pdb
c:\users\connor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PogoTracker\PogoTracker\bin\Debug\PogoTracker.PogoTracker.apk
c:\users\connor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PogoTracker\PogoTracker\bin\Debug\PogoTracker.PogoTracker-Signed.apk
c:\users\connor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PogoTracker\PogoTracker\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v13.dll
c:\users\connor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PogoTracker\PogoTracker\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Wearable.dll
c:\users\connor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PogoTracker\PogoTracker\obj\Debug\PogoTracker.dll
c:\users\connor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PogoTracker\PogoTracker\obj\Debug\PogoTracker.pdb
c:\users\connor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PogoTracker\PogoTracker\obj\Debug\android\bin\PogoTracker.PogoTracker.apk
c:\users\connor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PogoTracker\PogoTracker\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\connor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PogoTracker\PogoTracker\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\connor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PogoTracker\PogoTracker\obj\Debug\res\layout\rectanglemain.xml
c:\users\connor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PogoTracker\PogoTracker\obj\Debug\res\layout\roundmain.xml
c:\users\connor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PogoTracker\PogoTracker\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\connor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PogoTracker\PogoTracker\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\connor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PogoTracker\PogoTracker\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\connor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PogoTracker\PogoTracker\bin\Debug\PogoTracker.dll.config
c:\users\connor\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PogoTracker\PogoTracker\obj\Debug\PogoTracker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Connor\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PogoTracker\PogoTracker\obj\Debug\res\values\theme.xml
C:\Users\Connor\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PogoTracker\PogoTracker\obj\Debug\PogoTracker.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Connor\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PogoTracker\PogoTracker\bin\Debug\PogoTracker.dll.mdb
